Is this really the best America can do?
It seems like practically every day there is a new report
of police misconduct, brutality, or even murder.
Even if only in a small way, we want to help aid the movement
against these atrocities using our knowledge of AI.
The heart of the movements against police brutality fundamentally
focus around the idea that we need to identify the bad cops and
remove them from the so that the police can fairly and appropriately enforce
justice. With that idea in mind we created an app that is used to
separate the good from the bad using a combination of official and
communally sourced data. Here's how it works: First the user takes a photo of
an officers licence plate using the apps built in camera. Then this image will be
processed first using OpenCV AI to identify the licence plate and crop the image to fit it.
This AI will then separate the plate into smaller pictures of the different numbers and letters
comprising the plate. Finally these smaller images are run though another AI model we
trained completely from scratch which determines the correct character that picture
contains. Finally all of these characters are pieced together as a string and sent
back to the apps frontend side, where the plate numbers are displayed and the
user is given the chance to correct any possible errors made in the AI's analysis.
Then if the cop already exists in the database, the page will take you to
the cops info. As can be seen above, it returns his/her name, badge number, number of official infractions,
and number of locally reported infractions. If the cop does not yet exist in the database,
then the user will be given the option of filling in the info about the cop.
Finally, the most important feature is the users ability to locally report a cop for misconduct
and fill out in what way he/she felt justice was undermined. This way similarly to many other crowd-sourcing
apps, our app can be used to separate the power-hungry and evil from the benevolent. As a community
we have come together to fight against this injustice, our app will provide an additional facet with
which we can do so.





We can add additional facts on the side of the imovie that can be used for clarification
